1. Advertiser
   As an advertiser, I want to be able to view reviews about the advertising agency to assess the agency's performance.
   As an advertiser, I want to have contact via phone or email with the manager associated with my request to know the progress of the request.
   As an advertiser, I want to have access to the remaining budget of the request to understand the effectiveness of fund utilization.
   As an advertiser, I want access to payment receipts to advertising platforms to know how much budget is allocated to specific advertising platforms.
   As an advertiser, I want the ability to add budget to an existing request (project) so that work can continue if necessary.

2. Administrator
   As an administrator, I want to be able to find an employee's team by the employee's name and/or surname to quickly locate the required employees.
   As an administrator, I want to be able to filter requests from advertisers by the advertiser's name or the creation date of the request to quickly find relevant requests based on criteria.
   As an administrator, I want access to the archive of requests to analyze past requests.
   As an administrator, I want access to records of the head of each team to have quick access to the leadership of the required team.
   As an administrator, I want access to records of managers and the number of projects each manager has to analyze the workload distribution among managers.

3. Employee
   As an employee, I want to be able to receive technical tasks from the team leader to know what work I need to complete.
   As an employee, I want access to information about the members of my team to facilitate communication within the team.
   As an employee, I want access to information about the leader of my team so that I can determine the hierarchy.
   As an employee, I want to have access to information about advertising platforms (newspapers, TV advertisements, announcements, etc.) to analyze advertising platforms.
   As an employee, I want to have contact via phone or email with the manager assigned to the team's request to provide feedback to the manager if necessary.
   As an employee, I want clear boundaries for my area of responsibility to focus my attention on a specific task.